MAN LEFT 

man with hat arrived 
dude
 mergeed it !!! b
got energy
not really reading
other dev person ALEX

version 155

i write alot of stuff here

tim AJD ME TOGETHER

both bobby and mike


fdf
 
est 
dev
today i added this line 
devvv

someone else
someone else
someone else


COLLECTION OF INNOCENCE
 

someone else
 

An Original Play
By

Guy Kapulnik 
 
Act I:
Scene A:
I am packing to leave to a place where there are no missiles and no sirens.
Growing up in a tribe, one must pass tests in order to earn respect. Mine arrived at age of 18, when I was asked to prove to the world and myself my spiritual and physical abilities. I passed brilliantly but then it would all blow up in my face.
I am packing my few belongings to take to the north. The __shshshshsh! [pause] Nope. [breath] A motorcycle. This is too much. My pills aren't holding up this shit. Best thing to do is escape. [packing uniforms and boots]

 

Scene B  
[Training drills – exercises and rifle drills.]
“What you give is what you get and you haven't gave nothing yet!”
“I miss mommy, the sergeant looks like a monkey – who am I -  Marco?” (3000 Leagues in Search of Mother.)
Memorable first times: First kiss, first shoot, first death. Later all the events are foggy and seem saturated in a thick grey cloud. Dense days and nights, like when trying to recall a vanishing dream, always out of any order.
Memories of girls, movies, aspirations, series of untouchable dreams and puzzle pieces of events and thoughts and some occurrences later spoken of. Stories told by soldiers with my added interpretation. Some events only mentioned, in black humor, as means of digestion, and thus remembering only the hilarious parts. The faces are blurred. The wounded have no face, only a body lying on a stretcher. In some memories they have heads - some even hair, or a beard to go along - but no face. No eyes. Were the eyes closed? Don't remember. Some sexy nipple, peeking out from under the blanket, getting me aroused. Other bodies covered by only uniforms, boots and military equipment. Not real people to me. Nothing vivid. Not life to interact with.
Jokes. Ego. How my orders are carried out. What needs to be done. How it is done, and perfecting my performance and how my persona is perceived by other soldiers. Missions as exciting social events that bring popularity to the attending celebrities. 
I don't remember how many I've rescued. Not even an estimate. It’s that blurred. 

Scene C:
Mendi suggests I check the records. The air force is efficient and everything is well documented. What for? Why meet those whom I've rescued. I have nothing to tell them. Not even a documentary movie as an excuse.
The documentary film:
Opening scene: I’m asking friends and family what have I done in my military. Then I ask friends from the unit. 
Then the scene where I drive out to the air force base to open the archives, and discover the details of all those I've rescued, dead or alive. A reaction shot of my surprise to the large quantity and to the fact that I have no recollection of these places, dates or events. This same image will later be used in the promo and on the film poster. I then and there call a few chosen people on the cell phone.
The shaving scene in the bathroom where a taped photo of my 20 year old self stares confidently back from the photo, beside the lost scattered glance of the image in the mirror cutting off white whiskers in steamy hot water, as dark red drops appear scattered in the dense shaving foam. 
Then the scenes of meeting rescued and following five interesting different people, asking them to tell about ‘that day’, in order to help me recall what happened. Then they thank me for saving their lives and their loved ones. I am embarrassed and must resist the gifts. The true gift they have given me, I explain back, is their story.
We heatedly part on their doorstep. I confess my emotions while driving out as my gaze turns outward through the car windshield and inward back to the revived memory.
This sort of films are produced by a French-German companies.  
 
Scene D:
I grew up on stories (MORAKIM) of Wingate, Haapala and Yoni Netanyahu's letters. Even as a high school student, often I ran between imaginary whistling bullets, jumping across ditches in the Givaat Hatachmoshet, just like a child playing Cowboys and Indians. I wanted to prove to the world what I'm made of: Never stepping down from any challenge, never crying, never complaining. 
The extreme – that’s the juice – when there are no alternatives, your back up against the wall, when it's full on, "When the going gets tough – the tough get going". I want to discover my boundaries, what would I do at the most dangerous, most horrific moment; how would I then manage –that's when I am best evaluated – what really counts. 
 
Scene E: 
My relationship with the sirens is deep. How could I explain this enchanting yet treacherous lover, I've been drawn to since an early age? As any love affair, my first falling in love involves numbing terror in meeting my lover.
I am eleven years old, when a small war in Israel, called "Gulf" begins. Dad is drafted to the effort, so I am left man of the house, with my mom, my younger sister and my baby brother of several months.
I would never have left my several months old baby and young children at such a time. Let others play war, but dad was also a victim of the famous national Spartanian brainwash.
Mom has us drill in case of the sounded siren: 
Mom: So what do we do at the siren?
Me: 	Ok. Yes - I know. I got it. Let’s go.
Mom: 	Lets play a game. You hear the siren. What do you do?
Me: 	I bring the blue bucket to the sealed-off room. 
Mom: 	What do I do?
Me: 	You bring my brothers and close the door, and seal it with the rug to keep out the lethal chemicals.
Mom: 	Good.
Me: 	I help with the sealing the baby in the incubator and tape the window. Now can you take me to basketball practice??
Mom:	Wait. What about the rug?
Me: 	It's under the sink. You seal the door. Now can we leave? We are late.
Mom: 	Yes. Remember – door, window, incubator. [ smiles] . Let's go.

The first real siren: I am asleep and dreaming of swimming in the sea – I jump up, run to the blue bucket, it drops, I pick it up, see the rug and put it in the bucket, then run to the designated room and get there first, wait for the others to get in, shut the door, seal it with the rug, with shaking hands put my baby brother in the incubator, put our masks on and then piss in the bucket in turns: mom, my sister, me and then mom again, then my sister again, we sit and turn on the TV - shit - the window is wide open, I shut it and seal with tape, then fall asleep with my mask on.

[A dream demonstrated in mime:]
An alarm sounds in the middle of a class at school, as deadly chemicals are gushing into the classroom through cracks in the window and from under the door, I am the first to wear my mask, I help the beautiful queen of the class and then get to the twisting and chocking teacher jerking on the floor, fold up her dress and plunge the atropine needle into her thigh, she opens her eyes and smiles at me. Then I run home and bring my mother and brothers into refuge underground, to prevent the bombs from hurting them. In the underground bunker I am in charge of keeping the heavy steel door shut. When my name is called repeatedly by people outside the door pleading I let them enter, I refuse knowing this will threaten the lives of many that ... mother wakes me up with “…not supposed to sleep with your mask on”.
 
Scene E-T:
The best siren caught me while playing at my upstairs neighbor Shesh-Besh. His beautiful sister is one year younger than I am.
So when we have to go to the sealed room together I am delighted to be near her and show off my ferocity and cold responses to alarms and all other life-threatening dangers in the universe.
In the wild, the parallel event would be, a tiger roaming into our little village deep in the forest. I would stay calm and take her into hiding in the bushes, close together until the danger passes. 
[Leap to a kneeling position and put mud on my face and place my finger on my lips]
She immediately falls in love. This cold boldness is my ticket into her heart. An eleven year old boy doing what must be done to impress a ten year old girl.
Neighbor Woman: This one is definitely a chemical warhead and coming here. Fasten their masks.[pointing at her children]
Neighbor Husband: Conventional warhead! Headed for Jerusalem.
Neighbor Woman: Chemical. Headed here! Saddam promised and I believe him.
Neighbor Husband: Little chance! It's a silly decision to distribute these death masks, and maybe it would have been smarter to give those out only after the first chemical bomb had actually and effectively killed someone. Many loses caused merely by suffocation from the masks themselves.
Neighbor Woman: Simply another way of the government to control the masses, fear and dependency upon our military strength.
Neighbor Husband: One must focus the soul on the basic survival skills and never surrender to those awful helpless moments, such as waiting for a bomb to fall, hoping it would be far away.
Neighbor Woman: My dear, waiting for death is the essence of life. Knowing how it will catch you leads a person to strive for their freedom. If you ever shave your beard – that is the end of getting your fantasy games.
Neighbor Husband: They ordered I shave, because I'm not religious. Chemicals can enter through the unsealed hairy crack.
Neighbor Woman: Fantasies - no more.
Me: One missile fell several feet away from the gas station just across the road from dad's government building.
Neighbor Husband: I’ve heard. God is with us, 'cause a direct hit to the gas station, would not be pretty.
Neighbor Woman: There is no god. Fasten the children's masks tight.
  
Afterwards father came home and ordinary banal life was restored.
 
Scene F:
[Age 18 - At the parking lot]
Me:	Hi! 
She:	Quiet parking lot. Excellent place to meet. Come in my car – much more room here and more comfortable.
Me:	Ok. 	

[He exits car and enters her car. She quickly scans radio stations and finds quiet jazz music]

She:	So?
Me:	Yes. You like jazz?
She:	Hi. [Kisses him on his neck.] 
Me:	[Leans away] Tell me something about yourself.
She:	You talk too much.
Me:	My commander says I'm the quietest in the team.
She:	Oh god, I'll never get any.

 
Scene G: 
This first time crossing into Lebanon by foot is part of training. We are heading out for an ambush, during a period that each week an Israeli soldier died or was severely wounded there. 
Passing the border fence, there is an immediate feeling of being abroad. From here on, it is only me and my buddies against the bad guys, like in the computer game Doom 2.
In many surreal ways this whole experience is a dream come true for me and I’m excited life rewarded me to experience living out my dreams.
During the walk to the ambush point I imagine I’m Rambo, my hero. I walk in the most cinematic of poses, my legs stretch like a cat, my riffle leading, double checking every bush, rock and valley. I'm the radio operator so I’m near the commander, in front of the team. If we step on a mine or into a trap, I’m a sure casualty.
On the previous weekend I almost got laid – but only almost. Now pacing in a computer game, still a virgin. If something happens – I'd be a dead virgin! 
We arrive at the ambush point, and settle down just as trained. We clinch to each other. It's warm and pleasant and there is a homo erotic tension in the air. I cram in candy and drink juice, and on my turn, I doze off. The night is quiet and there is a soothing night breeze blowing.
I receive a message: "Wakrat spots”. Before internal comprehension hits, I pass the message to the commander "Wakrat spots" and raise my riffle towards the valley.
The commander coils like a spring, leaning over me, he asks Wakrat what he sees through his night vision equipment.
"Three behind the bush at the center of the valley."
Everyone directs their weapons, I report on the radio, concealing any distress "Three terrorists in the valley". I forget all the code words I was supposed to use. As soon as I utter those words, I feel I am an invincible superhero, like when I'd arrive first to the shelter with the blue piss bucket during the Gulf war.
It's dark as hell and silent. We are listening, trying to pick up any audible hint: a rattle of bush, a crispy breaking of a stick, some whisper perhaps - but hear nothing.
I decide that once the shooting begins I'd leap behind the rock to my right, and shoot from there. I am ready for hell to break loose. 
I’m thinking: when I jump, should I shout ‘Shma Israel’? 
Then I think how do people at such extreme moments even remember to roar Shma Israel? 
I think about my sister.
Suddenly I hear a close rubbing sound. Where is it from? Then it occurs to me that Matan's knees are shaking. Only now do I actually realize what is happening. The reality of it. 
We are waiting for the engagement to begin, and I think of how Matan is weak. I wish he’d stop shivering. Then I notice that my knees are shivering as well.
We wait for it. Wait.
  
 
Song - Hero:
Bar Giora – fights the Romans
Stern – the colonial Brits 
Anilevich – slaughters em Nazies
Rabin – fights for p-p-p peace   p-p-p peace

I can be a hero too
Defeat the evil and triumph – Defeat the evil and triumph

Shimshon – beats Plishtim but fears a barber
Trumpeldor – one arm for his revolver
Orde Wingate – sneaks into a village
Nir Poraz – to Hamas's hostage 

I can be a hero too
Defeat the evil and triumph – Defeat the evil and triumph

Popeye – smokes his pipe
MacGyver – has a jeep 
Hi-Man – rides a tiger
Superman – blows on fire

I can be a hero too
Defeat the evil and triumph – Defeat the evil and triumph

 
Scene H: VB: 
One morning after yet another sleepless night:
I brush my teeth while taking a piss, a common time effective maneuver I carry out on a regular basis. My toothbrush falls into the toilet before the piss hits the standing water. I quickly pick it up and wash it under the facet. No place to buy a new one, and of course I don't have time for such luxury. Feeling in a war like survival mode, I do what any soldier in war would do, I cleared my mind of the darkest of dives and live on as if it never occurred. It tastes reasonably fine, and my mind is troubled with another catastrophes.
The lacerations spring out magically in my mouth.


 
Scene I: 
I am a young officer, craving for my first combat action in the West Bank. 
My home is not a political one and I don't quite understand the difference between going into Lebanon, Gaza or into the Westbank. The protocol for opening fire differs for each option, but that's all, the guns and Arabic faces are very much the same. Bluntly explained to me: An Arab might try to kill you when entering land outside Israel, so best be the first to shoot. 
There is no time to spare. Just do the maximum possible. 
After not asking the simple questions in the first weeks, asking becomes complex, and seeking for even the smallest explanation would make me seem a big idiot and would hinder my position and respect in the unit. There is a silent understanding that as an officer I know about the political situation and policy, so I rather not prove otherwise. I wasn't a free-minded soldier - I simply did as I was told. I never asked and as we went deeper into more life threatening locations, it seemed too late to enquire, and best I keep my ignorance to myself.
•	Are they allowed to be there? Do they know we are there?
•	What if a Palestinian accidently returns home through the valley we are ambushing?
•	What if there is a child coming through?
•	How do you say in Arabic: ”Lay on the ground”? None of us speaks Arabic.
•	What should we check on their ID when they hand it over?

I join the team for a week at Nablus Base one early Sunday morning. Getting there requires traveling the last few kilometers in a full bullet proof truck. I stand at the back as watch with my loaded M16 and a bullet proof vest. 

[Standing up, holding a rifle. The eyes shut repeatedly shaking the head to wake up.]

After a twenty minutes' drive as watch I want to be replaced. The security I offer is sloppy and sleepy, but the root cause to be replaced is of simple ego accountancy. I ask: "who wants to replace me at watch?" but most of the team is fast asleep in the back of the truck, comfortably enveloped in the pouring equipment and sleeping bags. I will man it out a few more minutes. The road is bumpy. There are mountains and villages all around with Mosque towers decorating the skyline. Many buildings are still under construction. The villages have no ordered structure nor any electricity lines. All houses have black water tanks on their roofs.
We arrive at the base and unpack our bags into a deserted Mosque inside the base, with oriental mosaics, decors and a glazing prayer tower staircase. 
It was probably constructed only several decades before, but now on its floor, Israeli soldiers eat sleep, and masturbate in cold sleeping bags. 
We humbly donate our share to the sacrilege done under that roof.
We meet with the high commander of the region and I express enthusiasm charismatically around the table. 
Many times I imagined myself leading troops into combat and this is how it would be. Only this time I am here on my own decision and for ¬¬my own thrill. Just like taking a girl out to see an action film, in which I get to play the lead, no need to purchase popcorn and the adrenaline rush is long lasting.
Never is there a discussion on right and wrong. We are here to carry out orders. Yalla.
We arrange a bullet proof jeep and drive out only four officers to survey the region. Driving on the road to Nablus, we see a car stopped on the side of the road with two people carrying merchandise from its luggage compartment to another car parked on the other side of a blockage. These sort of large stone blockades were regularly erect by the military in order to make the only entrance to the village a mandatory one and under its control. We have no Idea what to make of it so we halt beside them. 
One officer stays in the jeep, three of us leap outside and talk to the men in Hebrew. 
[A man carrying a box with 20 small bottles of clear liquid]
Me:	Alahan. What's the box? 
Man:	This is just water. Medical water.
I don't believe it is water, to keep a nice cool tension-free atmosphere, we all feel easier to let them proceed with their petty felony and return safely to base. Obviously they were caught in the act. I sense their un-disguisable fear. We can easily take them into prison, and find some legal backing up for a long detention; very long. I can say – "So if it is water – drink it up!". Those bottles can very well have had alcohol for a Molotov cocktail. 
I recall visiting the Warsaw Ghetto streets in Poland, as part of the high school study on Jewish mutiny, I imagined those giants altruistic brave warriors fighting ruthlessly. They used Molotov ‘cocktails’ or ‘grenades’ to throw at the Germans. Those were improvised by taking a glass bottle or a glass jar with alcohol and putting a rag in with its tail sticking out, then lighting the end and shattering the glass on the enemy. Some brave Jewish warrior stopped a whole column of tanks from entering the Ghetto, by jumping on top of the leading tank holding a lite Molotov bottle, opening the tank top door and dropping it into the tank.

[Demonstrate the throw into a metal basin]

This works with any alcohol, so these bottles in front of us could work as well. But we all simply keep quiet. We all have plastic improvised hand cuffs in the handles of our rifles and in seconds they could be placed in our jeep, grieving their futile activity. We are four ‘green’ officers and don't want to seem clumsy and reveal that we actually have no clue as to what we are doing. 
We don’t have the courage to ask these men to drink the content, nor collect their IDs and arrest them. We don't know what to do with them. Not if anyone accepted our proposal to come with us. If they now attack us – that can be an easiest violent response. 
I respect them for their boldness, and fear thinking what else these ambitious people might have in store for us.
Sun Tzu said: “He will win who knows when to fight and when not to fight.”
We drive back silently to the base. We never dare talk about that encounter. A clearly shameful and cowardly way of dealing with real incidents. Not getting our hands dirty. Someone else will have to deal with the consequence.

Scene J: 
On the first night, I take the team out into the middle of the road to Nablus to deploy an ambush. After dropping them off, I feel weak. Only a driver and myself in a moonless night deep in enemy territory. I want to return into the small base as fast as I can and sleep with my boots on, for I would be back into the night when called upon. 
It feels cool.
I don't need this shit. My father picks me up from the highway junction and takes me back to my base.
Years later I would ride my 50cc motorcycle alone at night through this land to meet a woman regularly, without any protection or weapon. Boy did I miss my M-16.
 
Act II:
Scene K:
The annual memorial days and the Holocaust sounded sirens: A two minute siren for the Holocaust and a one minute for memorial day. The same siren at the same time in all towns throughout the country.
The instinctual need to run away “fight or flight” physical syndrome, was well molded into a solemn mussel memory and meditative mantra over the wounded and killed in action.
[A scientific diagram explains the process of "Classic Conditioning"]
Connecting the siren to the wounded and dead, through channels of Jewish courage standing fierce against the enemies. Not only would that bring us together as a nation, having our common grounds of bloodshed on this soil, but also make it clear that through devotion strength must be attained and we must educate our spirits to protect the well being of our families and fellow country men. 
Young men must continue to sacrifice their lives. Innocent childhood years could not be irresponsibly cast away, as youth worldwide often tend to do, but must be devoted to laborious training and cultivating of their body, mind and spirit, molding young souls into structured strong capable soldiers liable for the security and survival on this land. That is the secret ingredient to the glue that bonds us Israelis together. 
At any moment across the globe, one of our many adversaries might decide to strike, and we must be terrifically vigil and capable to respond. When several Jews are under such a threat, we become a united team at its best, succeeding to cooperate and synergize capabilities to fight off the danger. Strange enough this common foe is a blessing. Should it wittingly stay low for a while, us Jews would begin our inner bloody battles and devour ourselves. 
 
As a school boy, when the teacher would make us stand during the annual memorial sirens and I used to giggle from embarrassment. As years went by I found a way to present a graving humble face. 
As a teenager I took them seriously. I would recall a scene I once saw, in a black and white film, in which a soldier is shot during battle. He tore open his uniform shirt and discovered blood pouring out from the huge wound in his hairy stomach. I’d imagine that the soldier was my dad in order to feel sad throughout the siren.
I loved watching the short 10 minute videos telling the stories of the lives of different Israeli soldiers who died in combat, and presenting their lives and re-enactment of their final battle. 
 
Scene L: 
That is where the innocence is over and the real personality is meets reality. This is when the masks come off and what really happens - happens. It is when the adrenaline subsides, and the soul and body are tired and tend to be bored. Clash of metals hurts most. The grave I encountered. What we are here for.  I'd try to prove myself in actions, strategy and ferocity. 
So I meet myself. I meet wounded. I go on missions and take ammunition and prepare to defend myself, my team and my country. The bodies. The death. The cruelty exerted only from boredom. 
A 21 year old ego to prove himself to himself and friends. No wonder Alexander Mokdon conquered the world at 21.
My eyes never adjust to the light and this past stays dark:
[Changing lights for each of the next lines]

I remember birthday parties on vacations. I had all the soldiers sit on one side of the table and the civilians on the other.
I remember pacing into hospitals while performing CPR on dying people. 
I remember loading bullets into my riffle.
I remember cleaning blood off my hands with soap. 
I remember needles in arms and Ambo Suction. 
I remember the satisfaction and pleasure of having more wounded to deal with. The more the merrier.
I remember, walking down King George street in Tel Aviv, one evening and hearing a bomb go off near the intersection with Allenby street. I left the girl that was with me, and ran to the crowded street before the ambulances sounded their sirens towards that street. Thinking there might be a second blast and that this might be a trap to get many people near the second bomb, but I must go in anyway. I'm running there while bringing my sleeves down and planning to cut cloths as an improvised blood stopper - tourniquet. I recognize Toamach coming out of the crowd, who tells me that there are only two badly wounded, so it’s not worth my time. I return. I decide to carry surgeon gloves always with me.
I remember being happy that a pilot evacuated his plane and parachuted to a hazardous landing location like a steep canyon. I would bring him to safety and receive recognition.

This is the hole I've got clouded. These foggy four middle years in my biography.  The siren gets me ready to leap into action. Even when an ambulance passes or a motorcycle accelerates, all my senses come alive at once: I can run, kill, think fast, survive and save. This is when Hi-Man raises his sword and says ‘I am Hi-Man’ and light rays come out of the sword-tip and he becomes strong and his tiger arrives and they ride into the dark cave to fight the villains.



 
Song - A Soldier Wants To Sleep
A bus driver wants to drive a bus
An actor wants to act
A whore to fuck
A hunter to hunt

A surgeon wants to operate
A teacher wants to teach
A pilot to fly
A chef to cook

But a soldier, oh a soldier, wants to sleep


 
Scene O:
The masculine gesture of hitting one's shoulder while snuffing the nose, then looking into the near distance. This signifies – toughen up! He said:  "You went through the Gulf war - you are Israeli."
This is a nation of civilian soldiers breaded for war - Modern Sparta - The best warriors in the world. Only we have not chosen this great honor, rather were brought up to believe that we have no other choice but to be strong and march on into the flames. I did just that. I trained and prepared for the battles, I would be called upon to fight in.
 After the army, those four years of preparations and training, mostly mental, I have become a bow and arrow, pulled to the full extent and ready to shoot. Itching for it.
The operating was simple, fast, instinctual - the Pavlovich's classic conditioning. When a siren sounds – I leap into action. At once, my body turns alert, ready to dash to the helicopters, my mind focused, be it from a deep hibernation or from executing my sexual obligations. I burst into action - fierce yet calm, commanding captain of a rescue team. I will stop at nothing to rescue a needing friend or foe. For many years I still kept that capability. Be it an obsession or sickness, or just the programmed skill I accepted to be scarred with. I haven't got out of my readiness state ever. I haven't used drugs nor got drunk often, so I’m always controlling my situation and am available for action.
I never ever cry. Not at funerals, not when my first love left me, not when my friend was killed in combat and buried in the cemetery near our high school. This is how lose should be dealt with – simple cold rational acceptance.
Crying is a response of a healthy emotional system, acknowledging hurt or reacting to our harsh world. I could see death, wounded, killing, frightening horrific moments, but with not the slightest emotional reaction. That whole channel was closed for me. I could only think of it. Talk about it, as an exciting event, a good story, a heroic action of mine, but never could I emotionally connect to any of it. I was hard coded that way. I couldn't stop it, or be aware of it.
I had built a wall around my heart, during my military preparation; I could look into the eyes of death without flinching. Losing loved ones, friends, women, or possessions, as easily as an accidental fall of a book. Not even a bible, deserving a kiss, but a small insignificant history schoolbook. Such is the cover over my heart. I pick it up, carelessly. No need to swipe off dust, for I am no longer allergic to dust.
I kept in great physical shape and would even often call the military and try to arrive into service. Elbow my way into the front lines, where all the action takes place. Even for short weekends and as a substitution to civil engagements. I was trapped into a self definition with what the military offered me. My mirror had a dog tag and rank. My whole self-image was very much developed by the affirmation received from this world and its values.
Now when an alarm goes off. I'd jump up and into action. First instinct is to begin running. And ready for chaos to strike and me to heroically withstand all challenges. 
I hear an alarm - I am calm, though my pulse pumps my body up and I am ready for combat. I am  superman dressed in Clark's clothes. No Kryptonite exists. Always ready. Always. All possibilities and materials around in service for improvised weapons and rescuing equipment. 
 This might be no different for others, but it is also me, I am telling myself.
 So I quickly differentiate between what is danger what is safe. Who is who. Where to run. 
If a terrorist enters now with an automatic machine gun spraying bullets, I am one hundred percent certain that I will stop him. I am ready for any moment. I can't stop that feeling of being prepared. Can't resist it. At any given moment, I am ready to leap into combat.


 
Act III:
Scene L: 
After my graduation, I am broke and need a vacation. I am offered to join a two-week seminar in Germany. I’m promised three meals a day, accommodation and transportation. The seminar promotes dialog between Israelis and Palestinians, and the participation requires I talk everyday for 7 hours with Palestinians about the conflict. I take it.
On the second day the group suspects I am an undercover informer working for the Israeli security services. The people talk to me with great kindness and vigilance. 
In these daily sessions I want to get up and hug them and say I am sorry for all the suffering they have gone through.
I sleep in the rooms designated only for the Israeli group. The Palestinians sleep on the level upstairs above us. At night, I hide a kitchen knife under my pillow, in case several avenging Palestinians burst into my room.
Sun Tzu: “In order to kill the enemy, our men must be roused to anger; that there may be advantage from defeating the enemy, they must have their rewards.”
On the last day of the seminar, they held a demonstration of a checkpoint. The Palestinians play the part of the IDF soldiers while the Israeli group plays the Palestinian civilians wishing to pass through. We all hold our passports out and the guard pretends to take me aside for further questioning. I am sure they would like to use this opportunity to get rid of us in the German woods.
 
 

Scene R: 
At the age of 13, I go to a picnic on a sunny weekend with family and friends. I play with the other two boys who are my age in a huge orange orchard. Both of them climb up high to a tree, they call their base and throw oranges at me. I want to join them in play, and throw some back. Immediately I become the their enemy.
At a precise moment I feel emotionally hurt and can no longer suffer the humiliation of being alone against their teamed efforts, I stop throwing or taking cover, rather I expose myself in all my height. Two flying oranges later I am severely wounded by a direct hit in the eye. I turn my body to those two boys and want to stir pity in their hearts, perhaps leading to repent and taking me in to join, but none is offered.
That is one of my character flaws, I will at some point in the battle, give up entirely and trust the universe to keep me afloat. But actually in this life it doesn't ever happen. Life keeps dropping me. Rock bottom climber I've become skilled at testing that old mechanism: 'Maybe this time the oranges will miss and I would be taken in safely to join their team.'
I cut into myself with a scalpel and feel no pain and no need for surgery. Saying there is nothing wrong is the first sign of trouble. This one is trauma.

 
Scene M: VA:
I ordered online a bear, white as snow, but received a Kuala instead. I popped it in the microwave to try to melt some of the colors off. Surprisingly it came out of the microwave in good spirit and plenty of dreams to tell. It was fascinated with the life in the Middle East and wished to learn all about modern life. I called it "Jimmy", but it insisted it be shortened into a respectable "Jim". 
Jim asked me how I spell its name and I showed it. It was showing signs of very high intelligence: learned Hebrew in two days, linear algebra in one day, Quantum physics in three. It began experimenting with narcotics, finding way to Tel Aviv sex parties. I had to go downtown and explain everything to the police one night when things got out of control – Jim was nothing they've ever seen, but I succeeded in convincing the police that I was the father, thanks to the large amount of hair on my chest. Finally they released Jim home. 
One afternoon it was making a mess of my apartment, trying to smoke it with his new children's chemical lab I had bought. I thought it would be smart to take Jim out. We went to see "Gravity". Coming out of the cinema, Jim talked into the night about not getting enough out of all that life has to offer, for it seems that he has been desperately seeking his calling and that now he realized what it was he must pursue: to devote his life to the exploration of space and to being the first Kuala astronaut. I could not talk him out of it. 
He is now sending me his earnings, which are quite remarkable. 
I plan to gather as much of these species and ship them out ASAP. I can arrange a development program and if the next batch is successful, I'll even go legal and open my own firm!!
 
Scene S: 
I am fully capable of being king of my empire. I trusted life to give me that gift. But now I realize that serving in the Israeli army isn't enough, and I must fight my battles all the way down to the grave as well. 
I first counted up to one hundred when I was at kindergarten. I’ve improved that ability throughout the years and I can still do it.  It’s all a matter of discipline. 
I aspire to touch the stars.  I felt I deserved to. Has not superman earned the right to carry his woman across the skies? I am the hero and now relaxing in the moment I worked hard for. But to my dismay I am left with nothing. Not life catching me. Not friends. Not family feeding me. Nothing. I go cycling and sneaking my way into the train station to get to work. This is no condition for Superman. Where is my castle? My crown? Where is the conquered land for which I fought and bloodshed. Coming home from the war, doesn't the hero take a seat on his thrown? Where is mine? How could the stars let it all fall apart?
I ask for a money loan from banks, but they refuse. I have my dignity. No one to compare but to my expectations. I expect the best to now happen, as I so rightfully deserve. All my suffering was not for nothing. My traumas were not a waist of a healthy youth. My body not shattered for no reason. It was well planned and carefully invested. The best mentors had guided the spending of those beautiful years. I've now come to collect from life. My earnings - where are they? Where is the treasure chest that awaits me? All the others move on with their lives, but I stay here. 
Before the pills I was a mess, but also connected to my nerves and emotions. Maymon said I should write and so I did. What happened? Is it not more of a linear path that must have reason and context to tell myself? I could shout inside and no one hear me. Now I’m loud and clear. This too is dry. 
 The medium steak is always the delicious choice.
 So I trusted life. It was good to me until then. It will send me its gifts, like Noah's birds returning with signs of promised land. Cleaned shaved in my best uniform standing on deck awaiting the return of my pidgins, I open heartedly, believing, expecting, enduring the long wait, knowing that soon it will be. Here it is. It’s coming.
Nothing happens. Just another year passes. 
My hair greys, my skin lines deepen, I still hold up my welcoming smile, inhaling hopeful winds.
Nothing happens. Just another year passes.
Why isn't it here? Where were my calculations off? My heart knows no worries. It will happen.
Nothing happens. Just another year passes.
I feel tired. My eyelids betray me. My back isn't as solid as it used to be. I am not inspired, only remember the old promises for good fortune.
Slowly I open my eyes to look around. I see the people are real and poor. My parents are old. My friends have real children. All are on their route.

Just explain paradise she tells me. How can I not.
No shortcuts taken. None.
I am saved by the time. Enough digging. Reaching the bottom soon. I can soon return to sleep.
In sleep – there is death.
A warrior always looks into death, then squints one eye and storms ahead into the abyss. 
Death is always present. 
Right on the circumference of life. 
In a cough, a cloud, an electric shortage, in silence, pain, on a bridge, over white static, in a cold white wooden box, in wrinkled skin, in a sun burn, in white hair, in a plastic barbi. You get the picture.

In depression, still death is present, only now I am careless even when I feel the ground shaking as the fires destroy the woods around me, I stay, not running away, not fighting, not resisting. Allowing death to advance freely. Allowing circumstances to silent my heart.

I am looking into death’s eyes. I see the end. I know I don't belong here, but do nothing to resist. Nothing to celebrate life.
Floating on the river as my dented raft approaches the waterfall over the cliffs, the stream speeds up, the foam is present, the river expands, hearing the roaring gushing streams, the hot humid air, carrying tiny drops in the light breeze. This is the moment a healthy human would jump off and swim to the riverbank. Not I. I drift carelessly, physically numb on my frail raft and let the current take me to my doom.
In medic training they taught us, that if during a battle one of the soldiers stops silent and gazes into space, then in order to snap him out of his stuck pause, one should slap him on the face twice to get him back.
Already it is late. At this point fatal. Life has sneaked away again. No one to slap it back, and I doubt it could work.
Scene T: Song
Goodbye catheter
Goodbye Cinematic. Goodbye waitresses
Goodbye sleeping hours
Goodbye beer
Goodbye sunny side up omelet with cold orange juice
Goodbye Likes on facebook
Goodbye parking tickets. Goodbye city taxes
Goodbye rest and bank messages  
Goodbye Holocaust, memorial day, reserve service notifications, wakeup alarms
Goodbye rocks in kidneys, blood in piss, stomach aches
Thank you all for entertaining me days and nights. I resign. Returning my equipment. Giving up my turn. Take my piece. Take the leftover crumbs of my life. I can't carry the burden. Denounce the honor. You've succeeded. Leave me to rot.
No more stories. No more comparisons. I am suffering. Can't stand the strain. Gives me heartburn. I have no change. I have nothing. Let me silently die. Don't need your favors. Not compassion, not love, not tears, not your time. Nothing. Don't help me. Don't disturb yourselves. Continue your satisfying lives. 
I am self destructive. That is why I destruct myself. Ruthlessly banging my head on life. Tired.
I won't make it. I have no strength. Shshshshshshshshshsh. I need silence.
Acquainted with that cycle and halting. No use trying another round. Nothing filling me. Nothing. That’s why I am empty.
Another year. Another grandson. The daughter married. Thank god – I never utter nonsense. Don't have potency for running those rounds.
What must a man do for survival? I understand. 
 
Act IV:
Scene V:
[Dream:]
I am at an open sunny public pool, and a 10-year-old child falls in the water and sinks right down to the bottom. The lifeguard is far and looking away. I instantly jump in and bring the child up to the surface and out to the poolside, and give him two long breaths, thinking I mechanically should begin heart resuscitation. He coughs up the rest of the water and begins breathing. I walk aside and think that that young boy almost just died and he would have missed out on the rest of his life. I cry. It occurs to me that I am crying for the life almost missed. 
Were I the boy and I have saved myself? Where it the first time I felt some connection of empathy with a patient? Certainly! First ever. 
 
Scene U - VA:
It’s Kipur, I’m alone at Trinidad, Cuba, 6 hours into the feasting. I’ve got only 18 more hours to go.
Gevara:	[knocking and entering with a bowl of Calamari] Hola.
Me:	 I can’t eat this.
Gevara:	 Why?
Me:	 Thanks, but today is Yom Kipur - so I am not eating. 
Gevara:	 What? Already paid for. This is Cuba and all seafood is fresh from the nets. Madre made her special sauce special for you. 
Me: 	I’m a Jew and we don’t eat at all today. Anyway I never touched any seafood all my life. It is forbidden.
Gevara: I put bowl on the table and go. [Enters the guesthouse room] Americanos trying to invade our island. Last night attack blocked. No one hurt. That is how they kidnaped the five hostages you see on the posters.
Me:	 One of those hostages, the one with the beard and looks like Ron Arad, the Israeli hostage held in Syria.
Gevara: We are all praying that they come home fast. Con El Buarbo explained: The Americans are testing our alertness and defense maneuvers. 
ME:	Who is El Buarbo?
Gevara:	El Comedante. Our father.               [signals by placing a cupped hand under his chin] I fought three years for the revolution, during my services so I know what the fuck I’m talk about.
Me:	 Che Gevara?
Gevara:	 No no. Che's friend. Best friend.
Me:	 You mean Castro??
Gevara: [looking around. Nodes affirmatively] If you want to buy cigars or rum, you come to                   me. Go to the barber and say you buy rum, and he will tell you where to find me.
Me:	Gracias.
Gevara:	I will make a price for you.
Me:	Ok.
Gevara:	Just be normal. Don't ask! Chau.[exits]

	
I take a long look at the bowl of Calamari. I take a small lick from the sauce. Then a bite. I eat half of the bowl and throw the rest into the toilet. 
[Take the bowl of Calamary towards the door, return towards the wastebin, changes his mind and moves towards the bathroom. Take a deep smell with satisfaction]
OK - time to throw it. Last I ate was ten hours ago. 	
[Lick the sauce with finger from the bowl] 
I know that if I bite off a piece of Calamari God's lightning will stick right into this Communist accommodation.
[Bite off one piece] 
Ohh shit I ate non-Kosher. Ooh shit. [pause] Nothing happens.[pause]. Nothing.
Maybe god needs more time. [pause] 
[Enters the bed and lays awaiting while licking mouth.] 
 
Scene X - VA:
Abandoned, dangerous potentially with homeless people. The Templers - 150 years old German neighborhood - part of the complicated history of Jerusalem.
I am 30. She is 23 years old and was released from the army a couple of years before with her highly intelligent trained dog 'Texel'.
The bond between the human to the dog is so deep, that although the dog is military property, it isn't past to the next soldier, but is released into civilian life with the soldier. He is sweet and intelligent, but also able to attack. The woman would give the dog commands: " sit, come, scan". They have a whole system of communication. Once arriving at a location with the sought for ammunition scent, the dog would sit and wage its tail and receive a treat.
I loved going into those houses, visiting an old past. 
Part of the neighborhood was renovated into expensive houses, and some deserted.
This day we ventured into a big deserted school with a vast schoolyard. 
The staircase was loose, so we climbed up near the wall, where the structure is strongest.
This reminds me of the way, one goes to the staircase, in old structures with no shelter, during a bombing.

We went two flights up, where there was a balcony with no railing, only a step at the height of the knees. The dog runs and hopes up to the banister. I arrive just in time to see him scrambling trying to stay on the step, just like in a cartoon movie, where the animal’s legs are running without traction in the air. Then he fell. The girl arrives calling for the dog. She is hysterical. I tried to keep her away from the edge. We go down the stairs very slow.

She is crying and shouting "Shit Shit Texel Texel". I realize she is loosing it and hysterical. I fear that she might fall too down the stairs, so I hold her tight. We very slowly exit the building. I run to where the dog is lying, on its side, crying, and breathing fast short breaths. I pet it and call the girl to us.
She is crying. There is dried straw around us (it is summer).
I say move back I'm a medic, I'll check it. You know what - stay here with the dog, I'll go get help. I run to the fence we've jumped over to enter the closed compound. I yell back" Where is the vet?"" She answers the address. I realize that it's best that she runs to get the vet and I stay with the dog.
I feel guilty - that it's my fault this happened - The dog is here because of me. It's my crazy hobby. I am petting and talking to the dog: "I'm sorry". The dog only breaths fast short breaths back.
I think - ' this is my specialty - taking care of trauma'. So I tell it " Don't worry - you'll be fine ", just like I am supposed to talk to any patient in order to keep him conscience. I do the basic survey of medical situation, just as the medical protocol orders: check pulse, check under all the body parts to see if there is any lose of blood. I find blood near its tail. I go over all the body, down the back, the legs and all the tail. I could feel at two points there were broken bones. I am not a vet, I just did the human parallel/equivalent  to what I'd do on this dog. One of the legs, I think, is broken, and maybe some internal bleeding.
I try to make the dog move the tail (to checks spinal cord functioning / control or reflex). I pick up the tail and let it go. It falls. I pick it up again and let it go. I think I can imagine it moving a bit. But no, it isn't moving at all. This is a bad sign.
She came back and said the vet isn't there. The only vet she knows is in a different neighborhood. She is scared and confused. I help her call a vet but we get only answering machines. Finally there is a vet that answers and says that this weekend (today is Friday afternoon) all the vets are at a convention in Eilat, in the south, and that the place to go for trauma is Rishon Lezion and gave us the number. I think we should stop a cab. I tell her lets search a board for carrying the dog.
We found a table board (from the school). I manage to roll the dog onto the board. We picked it up and passed it over the fence as the cab stops. We ask to enter the dog in the baggage. Luckily the driver agrees and puts down the rear seat of the station wagon cab, to create more space in the baggage. The cab driver is Israeli, dark colored and bearded.
The girl is sits in the front seat crying. I opened the rear door. Just like I'm supposed to do before boarding the helicopter with a patient, I survey the patient’s vital signs. his pulse is ok, but his breathing is so slow it actually stopped. So exactly like in the CPR manual - I gave Texel two deep breaths. I took out his tongue and held it with my hand. It is a wolf dog. I hold it and with my other hand I seal his mouth. I felt his teeth on my teeth.
I exhale two breaths into his mouth and make sure I see his chest going up. I check his pulse. I'm not sure I can find it.
I know there is not a lot of time for Texel, but our destination of the vet is only 10 minutes away so we can make it in time for the trauma equipment. The driver helps me load the table into the baggage. I enter the baggage with the board and the dog on it. 
This configuration brings me back to the similar environment in the helicopter. The pilot is in the front flying, and I’m with he injured in the back. It's moving fast and shaking and I’m not stable holding on to the walls, without a seatbelt. The streets of Jerusalem, are steep and curved, so as I kneel on the board in the baggage, and get jerked towards the car roof and sides, all of which is just like in the helicopter.
I check the pulse. I might be imaging that I am feeling a pulse. I yell to the girl "don't worry. We will be fine". As in CPR I’m supposed to give two breaths every 30 seconds.
I count and give a breath, then count and then another one. We keep driving in Jerusalem another five minutes. As i keep giving breaths, I improve my technic of giving air. The problem is that his tongue keeps falling in, and this might cause suffocation. I must hold the tongue out also between breaths. I see his eyes staring at me, and then looking into the space. I pet him.
I shout to her:" Everything is going to be OK"
I shout to the driver: “If that station is closed - drive to Ramat Yovel". The vet we arrive at is closed because it's already Shabat. I tell the driver go to the other vet at another address.
I improve my breathing technic. I think I can feel the pulse in his neck.
About ten min. into the drive, I can't feel the pulse any longer. Massive 20 kilo. I look for pulse in the leg. but can't find it. return searching in it's neck, still can't find it. I realize that I must continue CPR until we arrive at the Vet only 15 minutes longer, to keep Texel's body alive. At the vet we will be able to give him electric boost to get the heart pumping again.
CPS is 5 heart contractions and one breath. 5 jolts to his heart and one breath.
I turn/ roll it on it's back, but it rolls to the other side. so I roll t back to the first side, as the taxi driver takes a turn. I find the heart and give it a jolt. I don't tell her anything. It is tiring. I am glad that I’m in good physical shape. I feel I'm succeeding to get in deep breaths. For the first time I fear that he might not make it.
I my rescue missions I was never attached to the outcome. It's been always technical. You do what you can, but at the end, it's just another day at work.
Here, maybe because I felt it is my fault, It’s the dog of my neighbor, I learnt to like and even admire it's talent. I feel the dog saliva all over me. I clean it with my arm, thinking "what the fuck am I doing, this is like kissing a dog". 
The girl keeps crying.
I get tired and am already leaning on my side and giving pumps with one hand.
Slowly Texel began going cold. The air coming out of his lungs onto my face was now cold, his lips too. The muscle tone was relaxed so the body became wobbly.
I distinctly remember us driving up a main street, to Kiryat Yovel.
I was pretty punctual and persistent in administering the jolts and breaths on time. I could feel the dog's soul leaving his body and going out the glass of the rear door up into the sky. I felt it go up and away.

I was determined to keep it alive so I kept on jolting the heart pumps and blowing in more air.
I began crying. It was important for me that I will save him. “Mother fucker don’t die!” Just like in the ER TV show, I was talking to it: "Don't die. Don't die".
The girl is in the front crying so can't hear or see my tears, so she isn’t aware of the situation. We aren’t really communicating. Once in a while she asks for some update on his situation but mostly she is crying getting directions on the phone and directing the driver. I see the girl there but we aren't communicating.
I talk to Texel: "Don't die don't die. We are almost there." while I cry.
Slowly I feel that IT is becoming cold and what I’m doing is actually moving a body. 
At the beginning there was tension in it’s muscles, but now there is no tension at all. I open the mouth without any tension in it. I am now actually blowing my air into meat, into nothing or a dead body. In the beginning of the CPR I’d feel hot air coming out back at me from his lunges, but now coming out of it is only cold air, but still I continue to blow in every 5 counts. I feel that it is becoming cold meat.
 But I feel that it's cold meat. I am actually moving a cold body. Like a schnitzel.
But I've lost control by this point. I continue persistently blowing air into the month. The driver says that we reached the neighborhood and will be arriving at the vet in a couple of minutes. 
I open its eyelids and it's looking into the air. I continue 1,2,3,4,5 breath. 3,4,5 breath. 
We finally arrive at the vet. 
It is too late.
 
Act V:

Poem:
I am landing from gusts and storms
Soon on ground, will walk my way across 
Mountains and oceans
Not gonna detain myself anymore. Unleashed mind’s prison shackles.

 
Scene Y:
The recent days in Gaza are warm. That means bombs flying everywhere. When one comes near my location, a serene is sounded, the same exact siren sounded at memorial days.
Now directed to walking calmly to the designated shelter, we have up to ninety seconds to get into a shelter, which is enough time to save the material on the computer, wear shoes and decent cloths and elegantly reach safety.
In the shelter I sit, waiting for the bomb to hit or be hit down in the air and detonate above my head, giving off a shattering wave that causes the buildings to wobble.
This wait is difficult, for I am powerless, just waiting and calculating my odds. I know I am in strength, but my body - wants to jump out, to run, to fight back, to reach my mark where I carry out my duty of protecting the country. 
I arrive wearing only under wear to the staircase of the building. There are already some neighbors there. Some are wearing robes, some bare foot, some only in their shorts. 
Fat Neighbor: You need to stand away from the glass. There. If a bomb falls in the middle of the street, the blast will go this direction, and will blow the glass that direction. So keep away at least four meters. Now if the ceiling of this building collapses, all this place here will be a sure crashing ground for the debris, and best to stand right here under the arc of this doorway, so make sure to have some water installed, and until the rescue team evacuates the pieces you'll be fine. 
 
Scene P:
I hear a raising siren. I look outside the window, but no truck is arriving, no plane flying low, no motorcycle accelerating and this time it is definitely a real city siren. I get up and move calmly towards the shelter. I know I should have almost 30 seconds until the first missile hits.
In the shelter I cover the glass window – with a towel. Years have prepared me for these moments and now my reaction feels everyday ordinary. 
Now I feel sleepy. Is this my body's reaction? I am non responsive. Is this the result of the pills I take or is it my physic reacting to fright.
 
Scene Q:
Driving in my first car to Tel Aviv, on the radio Dylan's Mr. Tambourine Man is interrupted by a reporter who calmly says "Siren in Rehovot". Shit I am now passing right near Rehovot.
I turn off the AC and open the window to hear sirens echoing throughout the city. I stop the car on the side of the highway. Other cars do the same. Luckily there is a concrete rain collection ditch on the side of the road. I jump in, and lay low covering my head with my arms. I burst into tears as I peek and see right above me in the sky, a missile exploding in the air, hit by the Israeli missile defense system. I am totally shattered.
 If this would have been a firework demonstration, I could cheer impressed by the sound effects and precision, but that capability of turning the fright into a challenging cinematic excitement is no longer an option. Instead there is the real truth of fearing death. I am imagining a missile hitting and being blown up, tossed in the air.
Laying in that ditch beside the car, crying hysterically like a baby, terrified of the bombs exploding above me in the air, I am not fit for any activity. 


 

 


The End


